okay quick name your favorite summer on
the big event that's right
beach volleyball where girls all across
the globe compete to see who or the best
thong and by the looks of these Google
results
that's all anybody else is interested in
- in that fucking ball face otherwise
known as smelly ass Tom Hanks best
friend but beach volleyball started in
games from way back like this one for
the Nintendo that made you want to
believe that you would get someone what
you see here on the box but as we see
right here there is no ass we see right
here so fast-forward to the future and
we get Sega's beat Spikers oh yeah boo
hey now this is what polygons were made
to do and you even get intro booty or
introduction but informally you tell
yourself us let me introduce you to this
ass also what's tough about this is that
you get game girls from all ethnicities
and nationalities and that helps since
the game was released worldwide like
even though this language is different
on the cover I'm sure that the term whoa
is recognizable in every dialect even
coned XP if you don't want to do that
you can also do the create a bad bitch
option if you like with hair from
brunette blonde to comb breaker then you
can put them in regular clothes or the
Tarzan special if you're feeling extra
freaky oh yes bitch you are the queen of
the jungle come on calm your ass down we
already looked at you and after that if
you want to play I guess you can have
that option I can put this shit on
automatic and watch it all day if you
ask me and I'm sure my computer partner
agrees cuz watch this shit did you see
that shit she just took a fucking glance
at her teammates ass like damn this
bitch bad I don't think she cares about
the game she too busy looking at that
ass where i standing in takeoff position
and sometimes they hug each other like
they have to confirm that they both have
great asses like they whispering you do
have a great ass
but during the game you get to see angle
after Kurt Angle of Sandy crack and then
during the break if your partner piss
you off
you can fucking curse I ass out and who
don't want to see a nice catfight lets
you own some bitch I will Beach spiked
to shit out your ass and even if you
lose you never really lose because face
it you've been looking at ass all day so
beat Spikers taught some of the most
athletic eye candy of the entire
Gamecube library I mean who doesn't want
to see constant shots of toasty buns
it's like I'm in a fucking sexy bakery
only got one negative thing to say about
it girls please stop with the high-fives
nobody does him nobody likes them this
is not good times you are not jayjay
peace slay the game play the game play
the game play the game where you lie
down and show your ass